Current:  35. Implement todo control panel - add tag

TODO:
0. Preserve the state between page reloadings. See - 
https://egghead.io/lessons/javascript-redux-persisting-the-state-to-the-local-storage
2. Add prop types to components.
5. Use storybook.js.org ? (I believe that reportportal use this framework)
13. Show creation date for todo on UI 
14. Feature for sorting todos
15. Add tab for Active and Done todos (or not tabs but a way to see Done todos somehow)
16. Add a separate tab for deleted (archived) todos
18. Handle exceptions in api services (403, 404, etc.)
23. Add login using VK
28. How to freeze buttons when submitting a form (especially when using component and its container)
29. Consider replacing services to actions (see https://habr.com/ru/company/hh/blog/310524/)
24. Impelement Profile page (name, username, email, picture if available, )
30. Implement Profile page
36. Implement todo tag panel
37. Consider putting containers in pages (basically Page represents a screen)
39. Now site logo is a <a> not <Link>. It was changed to <a> to force update of the todos in the pageable todo list.
There should be added a feature for forcing the pageable todo list to refresh itself
40. 
41.
42.
43.

Bugs:
- TodoControlPanel does not work correctly on phones (hover color does not dissapear itself)
- empty page when deleted all todos on the page. Should keep the page full if there are todos on the next page
- can open empty page when deleted todos on the first page

Done:
38. Todo support desc with multiple lines 
4. Implement pagination for todosList
11. Add feature so multiple users can register, login and see only their todos and being able
to edit only their todos
34. Implement todo control panel - Mark todo as done AND Delete todo
33. Refactor Todo styles
31. Validation for the registration page
32. Validation for the login page
!25. Move constants to .env file
26. Add config for dev and prod envs like 
here (https://github.com/arcanar7/todo-vue-backend-rest-/tree/master/src/config)
27. Fix redirect to page after successful login
19. Why Login component is rendered twice ? - because there where several routes that triggered login page 
several times
6. Replace basic authentication with OAuth authentication in the AuthService.js
12. Add registration page
!!! 22. Cannot navigate to registration page when use browser url field (works fine with router Link) 
    I could not open /registration page because there was a generic private route that was breaking all
    the public routes when user not logged in.
21. Handle email confirmation (user clicks a link from the email backend sent to 
him and frontend sends the confirmation key to complete the registration. User sees a waiting 
screen and then see the result - message about successed or failed completion)
20. User can login using Github (handle the part with issuing a jwt token for
the user who signed in with his/her github account)
7. Add functionality for deleting todos (soft delete).
8. Check edit page after a few todos deleted. Seems there is a bug.
9. Make sure that when delete a todo the right one is deleted.
10. Add message panel below navbar (show that todo added there)


Other:
1. Create components for text, checkbox inputs and button. These components should have two 
states: view and edit so we can easily create edit forms from view when nessecesary.


QUESTIONS:

1. Do I need to create View and Edit components or create generic component that takes
a mode props and show either View or Edit inputs.
What I found on the internet that people using conditioning to do this. So one conponent for new and edit